hello everyone welcome to my kitchen today
let's make a romantic breakfast for
valentine breakfast consist of a
orange juice a coffee and a sandwich
for the sandwich we will need three
two or two sliced ​​bread slices
slices of york ham an egg and
butter for the juice we will need
two oranges and for coffee you can use
the one you like the most
we will need a cookie cutter in
heart shape
The first thing we will do is spread the bread
of mold with butter
because we are not going to bet
we will fight for both sides because
you go
up on top of the sandwich
we will assemble our sandwich
and we put the lid on top
and we take to the skillet good now
let's light the fire
and when they accept it, be a little
hot we will do our angles
once we run out, there's a
little we put our health that
go doing
when we see that more or less is
we will turn around
now
we turn it around
you see what a nice color, well, that's the way
what to remove
and now let's do the stage of
activity
let's go around
and we're going to take it out
we're going to book it here and we're going to
do what
and we will give the friends that there are
stayed in the pan
let's take a splash of oil
a lot of wine alone
and we are going to do
if we put a little salt
let's take a little more oil
to take a little bit over
Y
we are going to take it out
well let's proceed to assemble our
sandwich where we're going to present that
is going to be here on this plate
let's put the sandwich here
let's cut
our slice that we have part
A) Yes
and now let's put
there
We'll put the lid here
Well, we have our sandwich
assembled now let's make the juice of
orange
We shall squeeze oranges and
we will serve in a glass
Well, here I leave this breakfast
romantic in case you want to surprise
your partners if you liked to give
upstairs if you have loved adding
the favorites
I hope you liked it and see you
the next video see you later
thanks for watching this video and you know
can you leave me your comments and
suggestions below